Project Name : ENGINEERING INTERN ASSESSMENT RAILS
Author : Kshithij Malebennur
Date : January 21st, 2024

1 INTRODUCTION

1.1 description

This document provides a full update on the most current updates and upgrades to the engineering
intern assessment for Shopify's backend engineering position. It strives to offer a clear and
simple explanation of the changes, improvements, and additions made since the prior iteration.
This update should keep all viewers, aware on the project's status and future direction.

1.2 scope

In this update, upgrades have been made to existing files. Along with this, new files
have been introduced.

    MODIFICATIONS TO EXISTING FILES:

    Gemfile: Updates were made to the 'Gemfile' file.

    Gemfile.lock: With the update of Gemfile, there is an automatic update to Gemfile.lock.

    Database Schema: The 'schema.rb' file has been updated automatically as it tries
                     to reflect the latest database schema (ex. new migrations).

    test_helper: A new helper method has been added.

    NEW ADDITIONS:

    Model File (app/models/article.rb): A new model file was implemented in the directory mentioned.
                                        This file defines the 'Article' model.

    Migration Files: A migration directory and migration file has been added under the
                     db directory. These migrations allows for quick changes in the database
                     schema, concerning to the new 'Article' model.


2 PROBLEMS & SOLUTIONS

    Problem 1: With the implementation of Article.rb, the file has to be tested
             to determine if it's functional or has problems associated with it.
             running any test command (ex. rails test) resulted in errors pertaining
             to the gem net-protocol version 0.2.2. This prevented the model from being
             tested.

    Solution: To ensure this problem does not occur, the gem's 'net-http' and 'uri'
              version 0.10.0 were added to the Gemfile. to solved the problem of
              net-protocol preventing the test.

              This solution was implemented with the use of "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70443856/ruby-2-7-4-net-constant-warnings"

    Problem 2: Though net-protocol no longer prevented the test from occurring,
               another problem arose. Running the 'rails test' statement returned
               "Migrations are pending. To resolve this issue, run: bin/rails db:migrate"
               Running this made no difference as the problem still arose.
               This problem also prevented the tests from running.

    Solution: To fix this problem the commands "bundle exec rake prepare" and then
              "bundle exec rake db:migrate" were ran in the command terminal. The problem
              no longer occurred and the tests ran smoothly.

              This solution was implemented with the use of "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20082002/migrations-are-pending-run-bin-rake-dbmigrate-rails-env-development-to-resol?rq=1"


3 FEATURES & IMPLEMENTATION

3.1 Functionalities

    'Article' Model:  - Like the project goals requests, basic CRUD (CREATE, READ, UPDATE & DELETE)
                        actions were implemented in the model.
                      - Along with implementation of CRUD actions, a search feature was added using
                        Arel. Arel allows for a safer method of searching unlike "LIKE" or "ILIKE".
                      - This model also determines if an article is recent (published in the last seven days).
                      - The model orders the articles in descending order of the date.

4 NEXT STEPS

To progress this project, the next step would be to develop the controller associated
with the 'Article' model.
    - The primary task is to implement all necessary functionalities in the controller.
        - including defining actions for the CRUD operations.
            - This will allow for interactions between the UI(user interface) and the database.
    - the controller actions should be tested according to the test cases provided to determine
      if the controller and model work together handle requests.


5 CONCLUSION

This document provides a detailed overview of the recent updates made to the Engineering Intern Assessment for Shopify's
Backend engineering position. Areas that were focused on during this update include:
    - including new dependencies in the Gemfile
    - Article model file has been added
    - Resolving problems that arose
