Project Name : ENGINEERING INTERN ASSESSMENT RAILS
Author : Kshithij Malebennur
Date : January 21st, 2024

OVERVIEW

This document's purpose is to outline the implementation of new files that have
been added since the last update. Implementations such as the view model that allows for a
responsive webpage for the articles.

COMPONENTS

1. Index Page
    - This page is a landing page for the 'Articles' section of the application. It provides
      an accessible overview of any and all articles stored in the database.
    - This page includes a search action that allows for users to filter out articles using
      any key words in the title or content.
    - Each article displays the title, which is a link to the actual content of the page. along
      with the date of publication.
    - Each article has their own 'Edit' and 'Delete' buttons. the Edit button allows for users to
      edit the title, date or content of the article.

2. Edit Page
    - This page is a simple implementation of a webpage that allows users to edit the contents of the
      article.

3. Show Page
    - This page displays the full details of an individual article. When the title link is clicked on the index
      page, this is the page that opens.
    - The page allows for users to view the date of the publication along with the title and the content. Another
      section called Recent, allows the users to know if the article is recently posted. This is true if the article
      is posted 7 days prior or earlier.

4. New Page
    - This page allows for users to input their own article.
    - This page has sections that allows the user to input their title for the article, the content they want to present
      when the article is clicked on, and the date of the publication. If no date is provided, the webpage will take the
      present date.

5. application.css
    - This css file, as of right now, holds basic styling for the webpage.

IMPLEMENTATION STEPS

1. Build the different html.erb files. This includes _form.html.erb, edit.html.erb, index.html.erb, new.html.erb, and
   show.html.erb.
2. Implemented the CSS file that gives a basic style to all the parts of the different HTML stated above.
3. Changes made to the search function in the article model which allows the search form to order the search results from,
   closes to the query, to farthest from the query.

FUTURE IMPLEMENTATIONS

1. Make the CSS styling more appealing and aesthetically pleasing.
2. Make sure there are no loop holes or fault in the code.
3. Debug everything and make sure the final product is one worthy of the project.